In Genetics this semester, we explored the science of heredity, including Mendelian and non-Mendelian patterns of inheritance. In addition, we covered topics such as gene structure and function, gene mutations, gene therapy versus gene editing, biotechnological applications, and the ethical implications such work brings. Next semester, we will dive into topics including genetically modified products, DNA fingerprinting and forensics, and personal genomics. 
Bob, this semester you exceeded at Learning Outcome 4: "Analyzing and Interpreting Data". You have consistently demonstrated a systematic approach to data analysis, enabling you to identify patterns, trends, and relationships with precision. Moreover, your ability to draw informed conclusions and articulate the significance of your findings underscores your proficiency in translating data into valuable scientific knowledge.
Bob, additional focus on Learning Outcome 1: "Asking Questions and Defining Problems" will help with your continued growth. Although you have demonstrated a natural curiosity and a proactive approach to learning, I'd like to see you ask more questions that showcase your critical thinking skills and foster a collaborative learning environment where your peers are also encouraged to engage deeply with the subject matter.
The topic of Genetics's final this semester was inheritance patterns. Bob, you received a 1.50 out of 4 on the final. 
You are a joy to have in class. Next semester, please limit your side conversations and listen keenly when your classmates or I am talking. This can help improve the overall focus of the class. You showed immense growth in quarter 2 compared to quarter 1, do feel proud of yourself! Looking foward to having you in class next semester! 
Your final grade is: F. You're currently not meeting the minimum expectations for this class. Let's work together to turn things around.
To end the semester off with a bang, here is a fun joke for you: A neutron asks the bartender how much a drink costs. The bartender says, 'For you, no charge.'
