In Biology this semester, we emphasized evolution as the central organizing theory explaining the development and diversity of life on Earth. We learned how to use tenets of physics and chemistry to study such topics as the origins of life, population ecology, biochemistry, cellular organization, cell division, molecular genetics, Mendelian and population genetics, speciation, biogeography, sociobiology, and ecological energetics and ecosystem dynamics.
Matt, this semester you exceeded at Learning Outcome 5: "Using Mathematics and Computational thinking". You have consistently employed quantitative reasoning and computational techniques to solve scientific problems. Your ability to apply mathematical concepts enhances your ability to analyze data, make predictions, and accurately model real-world phenomena.
Matt, additional focus on Learning Outcome 4: "Analyzing and Interpreting Data" will help with your continued growth. Although you have demonstrated a systematic approach to data analysis, I would like to see you use your analysis to identify patterns, trends, and relationships with precision. This ability to draw informed conclusions and articulate the significance of your findings will assist you in translating data into valuable scientific knowledge.
The topic of Biology's final this semester was evolution. Matt, you received a 2.25 out of 4 on the final. You demonstrated your knowledge well on some areas of this assessment, though were lacking understanding in others. Please set up a meeting with me to further discuss your exam, and some ways you could be better prepared for the next assessment.
Matt, although you clearly didn't understand the curriculum, you tried your best and always came in during office hours. As always, if you need extra support or just need someone to talk to, feel free to come by and I can help you to the best of my ability. I hope you review chemistry over the summer and come back stronger next year! 
Your final grade is: C-. You're making progress, but there are significant areas where you need improvement. Please don't hesitate to ask for help.
To end the semester off with a bang, here is a fun joke for you: Why do chemists like nitrates so much? They’re cheaper than day rates.
